Reviews For Paper
Paper ID	121
Title	Topic Related Opinion Integration for Users of Social Media：A Separated Way

Reviewer_1#:
This paper deals with the opinion integration problem. 
Authors propose a Subjectivity Model to integrate both topics of interest distribution of users and the distribution
of opinions towards these topics. Both of distributions are computed from past contents of users.
An integrated opinion summary is generated automatically.
Subjectivity Model is established by identifying topics and opinions in an unsupervised way.
Negative point: The formalization and validation of the proposed model are not completely sufficient.

Reviewer_2#:
The authors propose integrating user's opinions on different topics in streams of tweets. They tested their proposal against generative models that join topics and sentiments.
The paper is in general well-written and the authors make a good survey of existing approaches and correctly motivate their research. The idea of Opinion Integration Problem is good and problem is interesting.
Minor comments:
-the name "two-parts" model sounds bit strange (maybe "two-stage model" would be better). Actually in Introduction the authors mention three stages.
-change to "when he is using social media." in section 3
-remove "and" from "tweets talk about and should" in page 4
-add leading verb in the last sentence of sec. 4.1
-change to "established framework" in sec 4.2
-change to "we can make concrete Subjectivity Model" on page 6
-change "We" to lowercase at last sentence of sec 4.3
-change to "and gets a little better" in page 10

Reviewer_3#
The paper proposes a subjectivity model to represent users' sentiment distribution over different topics based on twitter.
1. It studies a practically interesting problem.
2. The proposed subjectivity model is reasonable.
3. Use real dataset for evaluation.
4.The SentiStrength package you use is for analyzing short informal text of social media. When you combined the tweets of a user into a single document, the document is no longer short. Will this affect the application/effectiveness of this system? You also mention 1 as neutral and [1, 5] as positive, seem to contradict each other.
5.There are quite a few typos in the last several pages of the paper.
